Add description about benchmark option '--rfr' (#254)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: topics/benchmark.md

  mode, the key must contain "{tag}". Otherwise, the
  command will not be sent to the right cluster node.

> **`--rfr`** _mode_
> : Enable read from replicas in cluster mode.
>   This command must be used with the `--cluster` option.
>   There are three modes for reading from replicas:
>   _no_ - sends read requests to primaries only (default).
>   _yes_ - sends read requests to replicas only.
>   _all_ - sends read requests to all nodes.
>    Since write commands will not be accepted by replicas,
>    it is recommended to enable read from replicas only for read command tests.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`--rfr`** _mode_
: Enable read from replicas in cluster mode.
  This command must be used with the `--cluster` option.
  There are three modes for reading from replicas:
  
  **no** - sends read requests to primaries only (default).
  
  **yes** - sends read requests to replicas only.
  
  **all** - sends read requests to all nodes.
  
   Since write commands will be rejected by replicas,
   it is recommended to enable read from replicas only for read command tests.

```

nit
